# Meetingnotes 18.05.2018

## Agenda

- Sync up on on papers and PC-algorithm
- Oppourtunities for parallelization
- Decide short-term goals and topics to get into
- Roadmap layout

## ToDo until next week

- run parallel-PC R algorithm
- understand the implementation a little
- measure how long a single indepence test takes in C impl, i.e. answer question wether the mass of independence tests is dominating or the length of a single one, i.e. do the graphs end up being sparse in the beginning due to small seperating sets or not?

## Things to talk about with supervisor

- Intra-level parallelization: How to split up units of work within one level
- Inter-level parallelization: If we find independencies in level $l=k$ can we use this knowledge on level $l=k+1$ to omit independency tests even when level $l=k$ has not finished, yet? Does this overlap with subgraph groups task?
- Alternative to inter-level: Distribution instead of only multi-core parallelization! What parallelization framework to use?

## Roadmap

- Run and understand parallel-PC R implementation
- Measurements to find out if runtime of single independence sets or the amount of independence sets is dominating the overall runtime
- Intra-level parallelization: How to split up units of work within one level? Do we need the batching as the R implementation uses it?
- Measurements to find out empirically at what size of seperating sets (, i.e. which level) the graphs start to become sparse)
- Either Inter-level parallelization or distributing to computation clusters.

